fix: add missing alt (#19205)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/theme/index.md

}</pre
          >
        </details>

>         <p><img alt="Example showing a browser's header area with a red background" src="theme-accentcolor.png" /></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p><img alt="Browser chrome is red with white text. Browsers tabs are lighter red, also with white text. URL bar is very light red with black text" src="theme-accentcolor.png" /></p>
```

Reviewer: If you were describing the important bits to someone who can't see the image, how would you describe the image. 

Similar for all alt attributes on this page.

Author: ok, I will change them all, thank you some much for your feedback!
